Wine Quality Prediction Data Collection Loaded the dataset into a Pandas
DataFrame from \'/content/winequality-red.csv\'. Checked the number of
rows and columns in the dataset. Displayed the first 5 rows of the
dataset. Checked for missing values in the dataset. Data Analysis and
Visualization Calculated statistical measures of the dataset. Visualized
the distribution of wine qualities. Plotted the relationship between
volatile acidity and wine quality. Plotted the relationship between
citric acid and wine quality. Correlation Calculated the correlation
between different columns in the dataset. Visualized the correlation
using a heatmap. Data Preprocessing Separated the data (features) and
labels. Performed label binarization, considering wines with quality \>=
7 as \'Good\' (1) and others as \'Bad\' (0). Train & Test Split Split
the data into training and testing sets with a 80-20 split ratio. Model
Training: Random Forest Classifier Trained a Random Forest Classifier on
the training data. Model Evaluation Calculated the accuracy score of the
model on the test data. Building a Predictive System Created a system to
predict wine quality based on input data. Used a sample input data to
predict wine quality. Displayed whether the predicted wine quality is
\'Good Quality Wine\' or \'Bad Quality Wine\' based on the model\'s
prediction. This code represents the entire process of wine quality
prediction, from data collection and analysis to model training and
prediction.
